So I just want to spend a few minutes
going through some of the information
and the way that the udemy course layout
works just so you can really get the
most out of this course. Now if you've
already used udemy a lot and you're
familiar with the udemy interface then
feel free to warn on to the end of this
video they'll click on the progress bar
on the bottom of the screen and if you
let the last couple of seconds play than
the video gets marked as completed but
if you're not really familiar with the
udemy interface then this video might be
useful for you, so first I want to talk
about searching for lectures, there with
the new layout of the udemy course
dashboard searching for specific course
lectures is so much easier. Now in the
main course dashboard as you can see in
the screen there, are the course content
tab you can find the lecture search box
as you can see on the screen now just
type in the specific lecture words
you're looking for and udemy will
display all lectures that have those
words in the title and you can also
search for questions and answers by
going to the Q&A tab, you'll find the
question search box below so type in a
question and udemy will find
questions and answers that are similar
to what you're asking about just
basically clicked on there any of those
that pop up to reveal answers that
relate to your question, often you'll
find answers to your question by doing
that. Now if you can't find answers to
your question you can create one by
clicking on the add a new question
button then typing in your question then
with the questions editor, you can enter
a title for your question and put the
content in the main box, when you're done
click on post question, to well to post
the question. Now when your questions
been solved by either myself, Jean-Paul
or even one of the other students in
this course it's a good idea to mark for
question as solved and you do that by
editing the question then adding the
phrase solved in square brackets. Now the
reason for that is that it makes it
easier for others to find answers to
questions similar to yours when the list
of questions and answers pops up they'll
see solved in square brackets and they
can choose the solve ones to look at
first and that can save time because
they'll have an indication that those
questions have a solution and it also
helps if you summarize your question in
the title, titles like help or error
don't really give any indication of what
the question relates to so in many cases
other students won't bother reading
them. Now you may not think that's very
important but it is really a good habit
to get into,
as you develop in your career as a
programmer, you'll almost certainly raise
issues on the Google issues tracker or
Microsoft's bug reporting system or
whatever technology it is that you found
a problem with. Now developing the habit
of providing good titles for issues and
describing the problem with as much
detail as possible to reproduce it will
pay dividends when you need to get help
from or whoever supporting the
environment that you're working in you
can also edit a post to provide more
information perhaps or correct typing
errors by clicking on the three vertical
dots in the top right-hand side and then
choosing in it now after clicking on
edit you'll be able to edit the title
and contents of your question and if the
question solved adds solved again to the
title as mentioned in square brackets.
Now every lecture has its own source
code in this course as well as other
resources that are appropriate to that
lecture, links etc that have been
discussed in that video, so if you want
to grab the source code for any lecture
you can do so by clicking on the
resources section of the video and you
can see the resources box in the left
hand corner, it's highlighted in blue to
tell you that there are resources there
for you to look at and download as
appropriate. So when clicking on the 3
bar menu icon above the resources
available link, the player will open up
on a menu on the left hand side and show
you the resource links for that lecture.
Now the second place you can look for
source code for all projects in this
course is in the source code for all
apps lecture right at the bottom of the
course in the extras section. Now with
the source code for all apps lecture,
you'll find links to download the source
code for each lecture in the course.
Well that's the next course announcements
you'll find course announcements in the
announcements tab, so checking this
section out will keep you updated on new
content being added to the course and
anything that we find interesting that
we send out to let you know the latest
developments in all things Android and
if you want to share your opinion about
the course and your experience of it you
can leave a review by clicking on the
rate this course button on the dashboard.
Now I know that Udemy automatically
ask you for a reviews anyway, but if
that's something you want to do then
that's how to do it. Now you can decide
how many stars you're going to give the
course as well as typing in a review
when you don't, just click some
you can also go back and change a review
using a similar process clicking on the
same link in future, some students feel
that they get asked to leave a review
too early in the course, the udemy system
does that automatically but you can
always use the ask me later button if
you're not yet ready to leave your
review. Now the video player used by udemy
has many great features if you
want to change the video quality hover
your mouse over the gear icon on the
right hand side, then click the quality
that you want the video to be played at,
the higher the number the better.
Now all the videos in this course are
created in 1080p, which is the highest
possible quality and that's probably the
best experience if you can play that
resolution on your computer,
Now keep in mind that the way udemy
use their video player that you may not
be offered that 1080p mode if your
internet connection that isn't fast
enough, it's something that's outside of
the control of an instructor but if you
computers fast enough you should get the
option for 1080p. Now if you want to
change the speed of the video while it's
playing, you can do that by hovering over
the One X or icon and choosing from the
various video speeds and that can be
useful if you want to hear me speak
faster or slower to aid your
understanding. In most videos, we'll have
captions for you to enable them just
hover your mouse over the captions icon
and click on the available language that
you want to display with the video at
the moment they're only available in
English, but it can be quite useful to
watch the videos with the captions
enabled to get the most out of them.
Alright so that's the end of the video
Let's move on now after having a look at
what Android is and some of the user
interface things that we'll be learning
how to control in this course. So see you
in the next video.